feat(explorer): front page (#3255)
latticexyz/mud: .changeset/lucky-bulldogs-taste.md

---
"@latticexyz/explorer": patch
---

> The home page now lets you find and pick a world to explore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each chain's home page now lets you find and pick a world to explore.
```

> Added an entry page to Explorer, allowing to type or select the world to enter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The home page now lets you find and pick a world to explore.
```
